in Cherkasy region today they said goodbye to
four for mushrooms prikordonnoy except
that hell to their supra behold living people
It was not before 14 mobile and terrorists
fired at them not a bus in mariupol
fucked up a precor house and went through
preparation of the Warsaw initial center
in Cherkasy region there and the sight of a moose goodbye
heard fumbling in the initial center
sovereign pro cordons and services say goodbye
we bend over and about the Komi cordons are gone
on Saturday at Mariupol bus services
four terrorists fired at themselves
cordon
and water and looked right now, Mr. Servicemen a3
small puranas are not due to entertained by self employed
the best of whipped buff 31 rhythms
older 49 you ran a replacement tedx
who in this after serving two months manners
and management is applied from brighton
since the chosen hydrogen is deaf
other cars driving learn mariupole
places still in the area of ​​the Azovstal plant is full
but about cordon kirkvud rapala in ambush
I hurry terrorists 3 shots from
grenade launcher then counter snipers
such expressing chick and there even tighter
the aroma was built place chosen
to sit up
and there was a choice not a position for a sniper
tasty rushes against Alla
hearts of the perilous 31 river sergey epiphanov
from Cherkashin and
let us take a wife's bed and my two
children for the same good were people on
good family
barrels already good your github left
he has little
one device 2 hands
the other 9 hands pulled water and buses
cue bubis prikordonnoy kamal man
a native of Kiev region and in their squad
and two children before his 50 speech when they found
per month moment they were hoping sensation
genie and you understand shawls 12 some
get out with the car burning they don't whom
secret corridor indulge everyone but immediately
me skin on the vases and good killer
posthumously awarded the look of the sign and the Crimea
Moreover, the Cherkasy plan has not
part to call his face big skin
about cordon kambisa people this for
services to cherkashina
there is still so she defended these better and
rhythms of the earth and defended
Circassian visible also we swam
bowls for the sake of
name and place portage Cherkasy names
quotes after the body farewell ceremony
for the bad looks the failure of food visible to
bundling in the center of the initial check to the
Varna is not a group of tedx chickens houses
the great sheep surrendered the summer of the column reached
and knows and here they live and the price and live from
you still today I know and the de pendant
you're new to the physics service there anymore
three months and the channel
their daughters are at home today
not